Backend Take Home Challenge
Description - Checkbox
Detection

Backend Challenge: Checkbox Detection

One of the active areas of development at HomeVision is extracting structured
information from images. The challenge for you is to develop a system that
detects and classifies checkboxes in document images.

The Problem

You are asked to design and implement a system that:
1. Detects the location of all checkboxes (filled and unfilled) within a document

    image.
2. Classifies each checkbox as either filled or unfilled.
Perfect accuracy is not expected.

Requirements

Your system must expose an HTTP API with the following endpoint:

   POST /detect

Input: A document image (sent as a file upload).
Output: A JSON response with the following structure:

   {
      "boxes": [
          {
             "bbox": [x1, y1, x2, y2],

Backend Take Home Challenge Description - Checkbox Detection                       1
             "is_checked": true
          },
          {

             "bbox": [x1, y1, x2, y2],
             "is_checked": false
          }
      ]
   }

Where bbox contains the pixel coordinates of the top-left and bottom-right
corners of each detected checkbox.

Sample Images

Here are 4 document images you can use to test your system against. These
images represent real-world appraisal documents with varying characteristics.

Backend Take Home Challenge Description - Checkbox Detection                   2
Backend Take Home Challenge Description - Checkbox Detection  3
Backend Take Home Challenge Description - Checkbox Detection  4
Backend Take Home Challenge Description - Checkbox Detection  5
Guidelines

Backend Take Home Challenge Description - Checkbox Detection  6
    You can use any method and any tools you want.

    Your solution must include instructions on how to build and run it.

    Include a brief writeup explaining your approach, the tradeoffs you made, and
    any known limitations.

    Feel free to use TODO comments to identify parts of the solution where you
    would do additional work for production-quality code.

    We value your reasoning and decision-making process as much as the final
    result. Be prepared to explain why you chose your approach over alternatives.

Submission

When your solution is complete, use the form below to submit a zip of your project
files (including your writeup). We will review your solution and get back to you to
schedule a one-hour challenge review meeting. In that meeting, you will walk us
through your code and approach.

Good luck and have fun!

Backend Take Home Challenge Description - Checkbox Detection                         7
